https://www.facebook.com nobanner
https://www.microsoft.com true
https://www.apple.com nobanner
https://www.netflix.com true
https://www.office.com true
https://www.amazon.com nobanner
https://www.fbcdn.net nobanner
https://www.wikipedia.org nobanner
https://www.fastly.net nobanner
https://www.github.com nobanner
https://www.vimeo.com nobanner
https://www.google-analytics.com false
https://www.zoom.us true
https://www.dell.com false
https://www.mozilla.org nobanner
https://www.skype.com true
https://www.reddit.com false
https://www.opera.com false
https://www.nytimes.com false
https://www.flickr.com nobanner
https://www.paypal.com nobanner
https://www.webex.com false
