https://www.google.com true
https://www.microsoft.com true
https://www.apple.com true
https://www.youtube.com true
https://www.netflix.com true
https://www.cloudflare.com true
https://www.linkedin.com true
https://www.live.com false
https://www.office.com true
https://www.azure.com true
https://www.amazon.com nobanner
https://www.wikipedia.org nobanner
https://www.fastly.net true
https://www.yahoo.com true
https://www.github.com nobanner
https://www.vimeo.com nobanner
https://www.adobe.com false
https://www.digicert.com true
https://www.msn.com true
https://www.wordpress.com true
https://www.google-analytics.com true
https://www.zoom.us true
https://www.bit.ly true
https://www.dell.com true
https://www.mozilla.org nobanner
https://www.cloudflare.net nobanner
https://www.skype.com true
https://www.whatsapp.com false
https://www.roblox.com true
https://www.reddit.com true
https://www.opera.com true
https://www.europa.eu true
https://www.tumblr.com true
https://www.dropbox.com true
https://www.nytimes.com true
https://www.flickr.com nobanner
https://www.epicgames.com false
https://www.tiktok.com false
https://www.paypal.com true
https://www.webex.com true
https://www.samsung.com true
https://www.comcast.net true
https://www.apache.org nobanner
https://www.salesforce.com nobanner
https://www.cnn.com true
https://www.medium.com nobanner
https://www.theguardian.com true
